♪♪
CLARY: Previously
on Shadowhunters...
Go ahead... kill her.
Clary!
I just... I just wanna hold you.
SIMON: What is that?
Proceed.
What are
you doing?!
JACE: Who's the possessed?
LUKE: At first I thought
it was purely mundane:
a woman's throat slashed
with a knife, husband missing.
OLLIE: She probably
knew her attacker.
Welcome...
to the Church of Talto.
Our time will come.
♪ And I walked
into the mountain ♪
♪♪♪
Well... here we are.
Are you sure bringing me
here was a good idea?
Yeah. It's better
than coming by myself.
I'm joking. They'll love you.
Oh, just because you're
the only Shadowhunter
at a party full of warlocks
doesn't mean
you can't have fun.
Yeah, well, that's
easy for you to say.
You've known these people
for centuries.
And you think
that's a good thing?
Trust me, I don't want to be
here any longer than I have to,
but it's tradition
for the outgoing High Warlock
to pass the baton
onto his... replacement.
Is that him?
The one and only.
Lorenzo Rey, the new
High Warlock of Brooklyn.
LORENZO: Magnus! Magnus Bane!
You made it...
and you brought
a friend.
- Yes, hi. I'm--
- Alec Lightwood.
Head of the New York Institute.
I expect we'll be seeing
quite a bit of each other at
your Downworld Cabinet meetings.
No hard feelings.
Right, Bane?
On the contrary,
I'm very content
in my new position.
Being the High Warlock
is a thankless job.
Long hours, little pay...
but I'm sure that doesn't
matter to someone
as young and civic-minded
as yourself.
Oh, don't be so jaded.
I may only be 484,
but I'm no stranger
to service.
All those years working
for the High Warlock in Madrid
have prepared me well...
although I may not be
as easy on you as he was.
After all, I'm here
to serve the warlocks,
not portal you around like
some glorified shuttle service.
I wouldn't have it
any other way.
In that case, I look forward
to our first Cabinet meeting.
Enjoy the party.
Who appointed him?
MAGNUS: Nobody.
There was a vote,
and Lorenzo can
be very charming...
as long as you're
into phony, no taste,
egomaniacal pieces of sh--
Language!
Alec!
Madzie!
Hey! My favourite
little sorceress!
I can't believe
you brought him
just to piss Lorenzo off.
No.
I brought him because
he's my boyfriend.
Well, he's good with kids,
I'll give you that...
Something wrong
with your drink?
Mine tastes
weak as hell.
I can't control my magic.
MAN: I'm out of here, man!
What's going on?
I have no idea.
♪ We're coming
♪ After you
♪ This is the hunt
♪♪♪
♪ This is the hunt ♪
♪ I'm thinking it over
Will you please
just hold still?
We've been doing this
for 15 minutes already.
How much longer do we
have to do this?
As long as it takes
to figure out
what the Seelie Queen
did to you.
Look, I already told you.
She branded something
on my forehead, and then
it healed, and now I'm fine.
Well, what did it look like?
I don't know. I can't
see my own forehead.
Well, there wouldn't have
been a whole ceremony
about it if it didn't
do something.
What if the ceremony was
just for her to get my blood,
and now she's making
some mutant Daylighter fern?
Yeah, you might be
onto something there.
The point is,
even if you could
find out what the Seelie Queen
did to me,
then what? You'd kiss my booboo
and make it feel better?
Maybe.
♪ If this is real
♪ Why don't we feel
a little more?
It was actually
a little to the left.
♪ It's all that I'm asking for
♪ If this is real
And here.
♪ ...feel a little bit more?
♪ It's all that I'm asking
♪ It's all that I'm asking for
Here.
♪ If this is real
♪♪♪
Now you're just stealing moves
from Indiana Jones.
Well, I did learn
from the best.
♪ If this is real
♪ Why don't we feel
a little bit more?
♪ It's all that I'm asking
♪ It's all that I'm asking for ♪
Clary?
♪ Because you're all that I
♪ All that I want
♪♪♪
♪ Because you're all that I
♪ All that I want
♪♪♪
♪ Because you're all that I
♪ All that I want ♪
♪♪♪
Oh, hey. What's up?
I want to apologize.
For what?
For never taking
you anywhere
that didn't
involve seraph blades.
Look, I know I've been
preoccupied lately.
I'd like to make it up to you.
What do you say we
do something normal?
Jace, you don't
consider a day normal
unless you come home
covered in ichor.
No, I don't.
But what about you?
Well, I could use
a better model.
Don't worry, you don't have
to take your clothes off...
...unless you want to.
What would you say to dinner?
Tonight, someplace mundane.
Just the two of us.
Like a date?
Yes, Clary. Yeah.
If you wanna call it
that, a date.
Where?
Uh... it's a surprise.
All right... but don't think
that gets you out of modeling.
Right...
rain check.
Please don't tell me you
broke your stele again...
Nope!
I actually was hoping you could
give me a dinner recommendation.
Well, you're asking
the wrong Lightwood.
Alec and Magnus have been to
every restaurant in New York.
Yeah, but...
Alec doesn't know Clary
like you do...
and I want to take her
on a date.
Like, a real date.
OK, who are you and what
have you done with Jace?
What are you
talking about?
I've been on
tons of dates.
With who
Yeah. Among others...
But never with a girl
you actually care about.
Maybe...
Look, does that
really change
where I should
take her for dinner?
You tell me.
See, that's not usually
how dinner recommendations work.
OK, look. I'm not
exactly an expert
on the subject, but...
I don't know,
why don't you get her flowers,
take her to the movies?
Ugh! No. I don't
do movies.
Maybe she does.
Look, Izzy, I want to
take her someplace mundane,
not boring.
She deserves
to have fun.
A night she's
not gonna forget.
What's the most romantic thing
you two have done together?
I did steal a demon motorcycle
from a seedy vampire bar.
Uh...
You know, maybe
a mundane restaurant
isn't such a bad idea after all.
ALEC: Hey, Magnus?
Your magic working OK?
Totally back to normal.
And since I'm
not the High Warlock,
whatever doesn't affect me
is no longer my problem.
Is something wrong
with my shampoo?
Uh, no. It's actually...
way better than what I
have back at the Institute.
Where do you buy it?
I don't buy it, I brew it.
It's a special blend
of Indian sandalwood
that I started mixing
back in the 18th century.
You make this?
Alexander, mixing potions
is the cornerstone
of the warlock arts.
Well, I know, I just...
I mean, if you can
wash your hair magically, why do
you go through the trouble?
Because I enjoy taking showers.
All right, well,
if you're not too busy,
can you, you know,
brew me a bottle?
Hold that thought.
Lorenzo?
What are you doing here?
I didn't want to give you
the chance to avoid me.
Why would I do that?
LORENZO: Because you
thought you could get away
with sabotaging my party.
The ley line under my home
was intentionally corrupted.
I knew you were petty,
I just didn't realize
you'd go this far
- to make me look bad.
- You saw my eyes.
My magic was as useless
as anyone's.
An exposed mark
proves nothing.
You think I
don't recognize
Asmodeus' handiwork
when I see it?
I haven't seen Asmodeus
in centuries.
Yet you do know him...
...far better than anyone else
in this dimension.
I know what he's
capable of.
More importantly, you know
how to use his demonic magic.
If Asmodeus truly
escaped from Edom,
all of New York
is in danger.
Now, as High Warlock,
it's your--
My job...
is to keep my people safe, Bane.
And if I have to banish
problematic warlocks
to the lower reaches
of the Spiral Labyrinth
for their crimes, then so be it.
I know you're behind this.
And it's only a matter of time
until I prove it.
♪♪♪
Why would Lorenzo
accuse you
of working with
a greater demon?
Especially one
like Asmodeus?
Asmodeus and I have a history...
He's one of the few demons
capable of doing
something like this.
Yeah, but we've fought
greater demons before,
but I've never seen anything
like what happened
at that party.
It has to do
with the ley lines.
Couldn't that mean
the Seelie Queen is involved?
What do demons have
to do with ley lines?
Healthy ley lines are
the energy source for all magic,
Seelie and warlock alike,
but they can become corrupted.
Asmodeus isn't just
a greater demon.
He's the most powerful
prince of Hell.
And if Lorenzo's right,
what happened at the party
is just the beginning.
And...
And you knew him personally?
Asmodeus is my father.
Look, I'm sorry
I never told you.
I was ashamed.
I knew every warlock
had a demon parent,
it's just... Asmodeus?
Well, we have
to stop him.
First we need to track him down.
And my father...
his magic is unique.
But if I can study
the corrupted ley lines,
we might be able to find him.
What are we waiting for?
We need to get
into Lorenzo's mansion,
and I'm afraid we'll never be
able to portal through his wards
without him knowing.
We don't always
have to use magic.
Like taking a shower, right?
Breaking and entering isn't
exactly like taking a shower.
Who said anything
about breaking in?
Focus!
OK, OK.
"Heterotroph"?
Oh, come on.
That one's easy.
"Any animal incapable
of making its own food."
Yes! Sounds like someone I know.
I don't need
to make my own food,
not when I'm one card away
from you buying my dinner.
See, you have it backwards.
You're one wrong answer away
from buying me dinner. So...
OK. You don't
even eat food.
Not yet, but...
...I'm working on it.
It's a very slow process.
Give me a second.
Sorry, were you
gonna eat this?
What is your problem?
Are you kidding me?
It's bad enough when the vampire
was just sleeping here,
but now you're
shacking up with him?
Oh, yeah. We can all smell it
on you. It's disgusting.
My sex life
is none of your business.
Then take it out
of the Jade Wolf.
Some of us
are trying to eat.
Simon and I
aren't going anywhere.
And just because Luke let you
back into the pack,
doesn't mean I won't
kick your ass.
Don't ever
speak to me
like that again.
Hello?
Hi.
Jace?
Do you know any really good
]
How did you get my number?
Don't worry about that.
Do you know any or not?
Um...
There's a really good
[Chinese fusion place
on Canal Street.]
Ooh! Woods up in Williamsburg,
and then, if you want pizza
[there's always
Rizzo's, which
Hello
Hey! How's Ollie?
She's fine. She got
a little banged up,
but she'll
be all right.
Oh, good.
Is there a special occasion
I don't know about?
Not really. I'm...
grabbing dinner with Jace.
Dinner?
What are you
doing here anyway?
Uh... I'm just running this case
by whoever's on duty.
I could help!
Jace'll understand.
No, no, no. I got
it covered. You go.
Have fun.
I pulled some surveillance
footage off the NYPD server
of our nurse
who got possessed.
Tim Dempsey.
I got a feeling his possession
isn't just a one-off.
Three homicides in 48 hours,
all suspects good,
decent folk
suddenly becoming unhinged
and killing their loved ones.
I'll search the footage
for the exact moment
of Tim's possession.
It might take all night,
but it's worth a shot.
All right, take out
on me.
Señor Lightwood.
I suppose you're here
to defend Magnus Bane?
No. Actually, I'm here
to defend you.
And as the head of the Institute
it's my job to keep you safe.
What if I can prove
that Magnus is involved?
Seems like you have
a conflict of interest, no?
My interest is
in stopping the person
who corrupted
your ley lines.
You have my word.
Not a very loyal boyfriend,
are you?
I believe in justice, Mr. Rey.
Now if you don't mind,
I would like to come in and
take an official statement.
But of course.
You really believe that Magnus
did this out of spite?
Magnus Bane is the only
warlock I know
capable of conjuring
that type of demonic magic.
Well, I assure you...
if Magnus is behind this,
I will turn him over
to the Clave myself.
Spoken like
a true Shadowhunter.
The law is hard,
but it is the law.
Yes, well...
...how about a toast?
To our new partnership?
An excellent idea.
Scotch
I'll have whatever
you're having.
An old fashioned then...
and I do mean old-fashioned.
I've been drinking this recipe
for over 200 years.
You're absolutely
going to love it.
I could conjure it,
but I find mixing by hand
to be the only way to achieve...
...perfection.
These ceilings
are spectacular.
LORENZO: Thank you.
Cheers.
To our... our new...
partnership.
Cheers.
Perfection. Truly.
Oh, I'm glad
you like it.
It's my favourite.
Wow. This place
is amazing!
How did you
hear about it?
Oh, you know. I hear things.
What's the name
of the reservation?
The what
Do we need one?
I could squeeze you both
in at a communal table.
If you're OK with that?
Um...
I don't know.
What do you think?
I mean, we can go
somewhere else--
No. No, this is perfect.
OK.
♪ ...no matter what you
dream of tonight ♪
Clary?
Hey...
Such exquisite taste
in fabric!
You have a beautiful home.
Mm-hmm.
I seem to remember
that you have an amazing...
antique pot upstairs?
It's a 16th century Ming Vase.
I procured it from a Castilian
trader when it was still new.
Incredible craftsmanship.
You have an interest
in ceramics?
I dabble.
Huh!
Would it be too forward of me
to ask for a tour?
Not in the least!
I must show you
my Faberge egg.
It was a gift
from the Tsar himself
in the spring of 1887.
Or was it 1888?
Oh, I know!
It was late 19th century.
Anyway, I was at
the Romanov Easter party
and Nicholas comes up to me...
Nicholas! I can barely remember
the colour of his eyes.
OK...
So why are you
the only one here?
IZZY: I took on
a little extra work
so that everybody
could go out tonight.
Well, just make sure you
don't burn yourself out.
You deserve a life too.
Yeah, well, my life is
not important right now.
You know, for a while,
I felt guilty
about my role with the Circle.
So I thought that joining
the NYPD would make up for it.
Did it?
For the most part...
...but I stopped spending
as much time with Jocelyn.
And that's time
I can't get back.
I get it, but I
don't have a Jocelyn.
Maybe that's because
you're not looking.
If you don't
make time for yourself,
you're not gonna find them.
So, you called Simon
for dating advice?
No, I called Simon
for restaurant advice.
Had he called me for dating
advice, I would have advised
against this situation.
OK, not a problem.
You guys just...
do your own thing.
Ignore us. There's no reason
this has to be weird.
Yeah. Right.
CLARY: It's not weird.
Not weird at all.
Uh... do you want
to split an appetizer?
Sure! Um... you pick.
OK. Can't go wrong
with oysters, right?
Uh...
Wrong. Crab legs?
Um...
Clary hates
crab.
Thank you.
Lobster, shrimp... crawfish.
That is not true.
I'm sorry.
I'm OK as long as there's no...
shells or claws involved.
Got it. Um...
OK, then. The flatbread?
Burrata
salad.
Burrata salad?
Let's do a burrata salad.
My favourite.
Great!
Who's up for cocktails?
Good idea.
Yes, please.
Yes. Yeah.
MAIA: I'm likin' this margarita.
CLARY: Coming from a bartender,
that says a lot.
Oh, ketchup on fish?
That's disgusting.
It is not ketchup.
That's more disgusting. Right?
It's gotta go down
some way, chief.
CLARY: OK. I have kind of
a personal question for you.
Go for it.
What happens to your clothes
when you...
you know...
Wolf out?
Yeah.
Um... Nothing good.
I've shredded some
of my cutest outfits that way.
Oh.
It's kind of wolf protocol
to stash pairs of pants
all over town.
Smart!
Have you ever
tried... uh, spandex?
Have you ever seen
a wolf in spandex?
It's horrifying.
Well, my, uh...
deepest condolences
to your wardrobe.
Don't worry about it.
You know, I still think
I'd want to be a werewolf
over a Shadowhunter.
I don't think I could
remember all those the runes.
Um, it's actually not that hard.
You just kind of
stick to your favourites,
like Strength or Speed
or Iratze.
Anyway, I don't know
that I'd want my whole body
covered in tattoos.
Says the girl
with the butterfly tattoo.
Butterfly tattoo?
How do you know about that?
It's pretty well hidden.
You saw it after one
of her transformations? Or...
Not exactly.
No.
Yeah...
♪♪♪
Does this baby
look familiar?
Yes.
It's actually me.
El Greco was a friend
of my mother's
and he used me
as his inspiration.
Oh, of course!
Needless to say,
growing up in Toledo
during the Siglo de Oro was
quite the experience...
Needless to say!
♪♪♪
AGH!
Did you hear something?
No.
♪♪♪
LORENZO: I'm sure
I heard something...
Strange...
Huh...
What was going on
down there?
Whoever did this
is definitely from Edom,
...but judging by
the energy signature,
...it's not my father.
Well, that's
a good thing, right?
I'm afraid not.
This magic is very old
and very evil.
The demon responsible is as
powerful as they come...
...unlike anything
I've seen before.
So, worse than Asmodeus?
Much worse.
♪♪♪
Who was it
that you sacrificed?
My husband.
And how did you do that?
I strangled him
with an extension cord.
Wonderful.
You must have loved him
a great deal.
Yes, I did...
but my love for him was nothing
compared to my love for you.
And I love you too.
Together, we will
usher in a new dawn.
♪♪♪
Still as bad
as yesterday, Mr. Harris?
This will help.
Hold still.
Oh, no, not now!
Turns out it was just
a freak power surge.
A couple tweaks to the grid,
and Con Ed said it
shouldn't happen again.
Is Mr. Harris OK?
He'll pull through.
And everyone else?
A patient upstairs,
on a ventilator.
Oh, God...
It's all my fault.
Catarina, you had no way
of knowing this would happen.
This proves Lorenzo's mansion
wasn't the only place affected.
We have to get back
to the Institute.
MAIA: Uh, well,
the food was great...
- Delicious.
- It was amazing. Yeah.
- Fantastic.
Thank you.
Yeah. Any time.
Uh... see you guys.
That was a nice save, the way
you asked for the cheque.
That could've been awkward.
Could've
been?
Simon, about the tattoo...
Look, you don't
have to apologize.
I wasn't going to.
I was single
at the time.
I know, and I just assume
that pretty much everyone's
slept with Jace at this point.
It's only a matter of time
before I sleep with him
myself, I guess.
That's not the point
I'm trying to make.
It doesn't matter who we've
been with in the past.
What's important
is who we're with now.
And I...
want to be with you.
Here you
go, buddy.
Thank you.
Are you OK?
I'm fine.
Look, I'm sorry I didn't
tell you about Maia.
I'm not upset
about Maia.
Not really.
I just...
I don't understand
why I seem to be the only girl
that you don't want to...
be with. I mean...
is it me?
Yeah. It is.
I've never felt
about anyone...
the way I feel
about you, Clary.
When I met you I... I thought
I knew everything,
but you've shown me
that there is so much more
to being a Shadowhunter
than just killing demons.
Come on, you still
think you know everything.
Well, except restaurants...
apparently.
I'm serious.
You're special.
Everything about you.
Like how you scrunch your face
when you're thinking.
Like how you always double knot
your shoes before you train.
Like how you always have a piece
of charcoal in your pocket.
But more than that,
it's how you always
see the best in people.
In me.
And I am scared
that if we take
things too quickly...
...that you're gonna
see something in me
that you don't like.
I just don't want
to ruin this.
♪♪♪
♪ I don't need this
♪ Like I used to
♪ 'Cause I feel blinded
♪ Blinded by you ♪
You're gonna use
the Angelic Core?
Are you serious?!
This is our only chance
to stop the corruption.
We're gonna flood the ley lines
with angelic energy.
Put an end to this,
once and for all.
So your plan
is basically divine Drano?
The only problem
is the Institute
is not built on any ley lines...
...at least it's not yet.
That's where Magnus comes in.
I know a spell that'll allow me
to temporarily divert
the flow of magic at the core.
Once the ley line's
in place,
you'll tap into the core,
and we can kiss
the demonic corruption goodbye.
Right. And what happens
if a demon shockwaves hits
while you're using
your magic?
The core...
...will be totally exposed.
Well, that doesn't look good.
If we're lucky, it'll
only vaporize the Institute.
But what if we're
not lucky?
Better not to think about that.
This is a risk
we have to take.
The whole point
of building the Institute
away from the ley lines was
to avoid something like this.
Why not just quarantine
the warlocks outside the city?
Because kicking innocent people
out of their homes
isn't going to solve anything.
Neither will blowing up
the Institute!
- Who do you think you are...
- You can't just go around
quarantining Downworlders!
!
That's enough!
This isn't just
about the warlocks.
You know what happened
at the hospital.
Everyone is at risk.
We are under siege
by a greater demon.
It is our job
to solve this problem.
Evacuate the Institute.
Essential personnel stay behind.
You sure about this?
You got a better idea?
I could try it
on my own.
It'd be far
more difficult,
but at least
you'll be safe.
And let you hog
all the glory?
Maybe.
As long as you're here,
I'm not going anywhere.
Well then, let's get started.
A little further!
Now!
Alexander, I can't hold it
much longer. Do it now!
I can't... someone's
locked me out!
Come on, move it! You don't want
to be inside if this goes bad.
We're not going anywhere.
Your orders
were to evacuate.
Yeah, I know the orders.
Look, I'm all for helping out
the Downworlders,
but we can't let Lightwood
destroy the Institute to do it.
Without it, we leave New York
completely defenseless.
That is not
your call to make.
Doesn't matter. I've already
locked him out of the system.
Then unlock it.
Now!
Not possible.
Even if it was...
my answer would
still be the same.
Can you undo it?
No... not anytime soon.
It's too late.
♪ What do you
have to lose, really?
♪ Who said you
couldn't choose, really?
♪ Take a picture of the moon
♪ Yeah
♪ Oh, if they think you're crazy
♪ They won't mess with you
Alec!
I need to release
the energy manually!
Well whatever you do,
do it quickly!
♪♪♪
♪ What do you
have to lose, really?
♪ Who said you
can't choose, really?
ALEXANDER!
I'm working on it!
It's rusted!
♪ What do I have to do, really?
It's rusted shut.
Come on! Come on!
♪ We're gonna
put up a, feel me
♪ We're gonna make
this right, feel me
♪ We're just looking
for the truth
♪ Yeah
♪ They're gonna
know our names, feel me
♪ Wear the power
they gon' lose, yeah
♪ Because if they
think you're crazy
What happened?
It's a minor setback...
...but the altar is safe.
That's all that matters.
♪ If they think
that you're crazy
♪ They won't mess with you
♪ Believe me,
they won't mess with you
♪ Yeah ♪
I did it.
You did it?
Yeah!
Well, maybe...
Maybe I got a little help.
Uh-huh.
Mm!
That's quite the drink.
It's been quite the day.
I'm guessing Raj
and his friends
didn't take their
banishment well?
Oh, Wrangle Island
isn't banishment.
It's more like...
character building.
Lorenzo Rey could use
a bit of character building.
Mm-hmm.
He's been taking all the credit
for fixing the ley lines.
Such an ass.
Hmm.
Whatever corrupted those ley
lines is still out there.
And Lorenzo has to stop blaming
you for being Asmodeus' son,
and help us track the
demon who's responsible.
Alexander...
...about my father.
I hope you don't
think less of me.
Are you kidding?
I don't care
who your dad is!
I care who you are.
And you're the furthest thing
from a greater demon.
Jace...
Clary?
Why?
Izzy, it's 3AM. What are you
still doing awake?
I was gonna ask you
the same question, but...
How did that date go?
It went fine.
I'm just not tired.
Look, Izzy, why don't
you go get some sleep?
I can keep searching through
this footage for you.
It's not the searching
I need help with.
Check this out.
I've never seen a possession
like that before.
Just keep watching.
IZZY: What kind
of a demon is that?
I have no idea...
...but whatever it is,
we have to stop it.
It's open.
I said it's...
♪♪♪
It was just a guess, um...
You guys aren't here
to rent boats, are you?
I'm afraid not.
We're here to help
you move out...
permanently.
Seriously?
I mean, I'm pretty sure
it was you wolves
that put me there
in the first place.
Well... now we're
putting you out.
Come on!
I know you guys are territorial,
but this is stupid!
Luke's gonna be pissed
when he hears about this.
Luke's not gonna
find out about it.
You're gonna leave here
on your own...
or there's
gonna be trouble.
I'm not going anywhere.
OK.
Really?
Simon, watch out!
Holy crap.
What just happened?
Oh, my God.
Your forehead.
♪♪♪